Fusion content (#7794)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-beta-callout.md

:::info important

> The dbt Fusion engine is currently available for installation in: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> is currently available for installation in: 
```
